# 2026-01-01

## 英作文
テーマ：海外のカフェ・バーで隣の人に自己紹介をする

Hello.
I'm Yuta Hori.
I'm from Japan for sightseeing.
I am interested in Czech and Czech calture, so could you tell me about the calture of Czech?
I am working as engeneer in Japan. 
I make some application of mobile phone that is called ABEMA, for example, NETFLIX, Youtube.


## シャドーイング
https://www.bbc.co.uk/learningenglish/english/features/the_london_letter_challenge/episode-2
<iframe width="400" height="500" frameborder="0" src="http://www.bbc.co.uk/programmes/p0m08wp5/player"></iframe>

Episode 2: A tall place 
Easy English level – Pre-intermediate, A2

Introduction
Astrid and Eden open their first clue. They need to find a place taller than them. So where is it? And will they get all the way to the top to find the letter?

Language in this episode
Comparatives

taller than

shorter than

quicker than

more exhausted than

TRANSCRIPT
Paula
So, the challenge has started, and Graham and Harry already have a letter! Ned left his hat at the BBC – oh, Ned! And Astrid and Eden are working out their first clue.

Astrid
Let's read it again.

Eden
This place is taller than you.

Astrid
Taller than you.

Eden
Taller than you!

Astrid
But shorter than the London Eye. The London Eye?

Eden
You know the London Eye! It's the big wheel! That's definitely taller than us!

Astrid
But the place we need is shorter than the London Eye. So, a tall place, but not that tall.

Eden
Look! I know where we need to go. Come on!

Harry
Dad. Look! This is amazing.

Graham
Come on Harry. We've got to be a bit quicker than this.

Astrid
It's up there.

It's up there.

This is exhausting.

It was hard. 

Eden
I'm more exhausted than I've ever been.

Finally, we reached the top, exhausted.

Astrid
Edes. I've got it! It's here. R!

Eden
Ahh? What?

Astrid
R. The letter R.

Eden
Taller than us, shorter than the London Eye. Eee!!

Paula
So, Astrid and Eden have their first letter. Graham and Harry also have a letter. And it looks like Clare and Ned are… Oh.


## その他

